docs(start.rst): Adding pip package name to quick-start page (#49943)
mistercrunch/Airflow: airflow-core/docs/start.rst

   Successful installation requires a Python 3 environment. Starting with Airflow 2.7.0, Airflow supports Python 3.9, 3.10, 3.11, and 3.12.

>    Officially supported installation methods include ``pip`` and ``uv``. Both tools provide a streamlined workflow for installing Airflow and managing dependencies. To install with pip do ``pip install apache-airflow``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Officially supported installation methods is with  ``pip`. Run ``pip install apache-airflow==AIRFLOW_VERSION --constraint "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/apache/airflow/constraints-AIRFLOW_VERSION/constraints-PYTHON_VERSION.txt"``, for example ``pip install "apache-airflow[celery]==3.0.0" --constraint "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/apache/airflow/constraints-3.0.0/constraints-3.9.txt"`` to install airfow in reproducible way
```

Reviewer: Actually - that will remove even more ambiguity - see @raphaelauv's  https://github.com/apache/airflow/pull/49748

Reviewer: Actually that's even more accurate and reproducible.
